Translation corrections (#494)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_004.txt

			NULL, "\"I'll be fine, ok?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 34, "ps3/s08/34/321500061", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　パパが帰ってくるまでおりこうさんにして、待ってるからね♪』",

> 			NULL, " I'll keep being a good girl and waiting here until you come back, Papa.♪\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I'll keep being a good girl and wait here until you come back, Papa.♪\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500433", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「二人とも、素行はあまりいいとは言えませんが、口の堅さと頑丈さだけは信用できます。",

> 			NULL, "\"I can't say the two of them have the best behaviors, but I do trust them to be dedicated and keep their lips sealed.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I can't say the two of them have the best conduct, but I do trust them to be dedicated and keep their lips sealed.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Huh?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 32, "ps3/s08/32/vt2b_hanada1003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　そんなに俺たち、素行悪いですかね…？」",

> 			NULL, " Are we really that bad...?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " We're not that bad, are we...?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rその中の、赤丸で印をつけられた箇所に私たちの目がふと、止まる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その中の、赤丸で印をつけられた箇所に私たちの目がふと、止まる。",

> 			NULL, "Our eyes suddenly stopped on names marked with red circles.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Our eyes suddenly stopped on some names marked with red circles.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"No, not for sure...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000509", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "ですが、危険度が高いということは言えるかもしれません」",

> 			NULL, " However, perhaps you could say that the risk factor is high.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " However, you could perhaps say that the risk factor is high.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rそれにより、実家を出て都会に移り住み、核家族と呼ばれる家庭が増え続けた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それにより、実家を出て都会に移り住み、核家族と呼ばれる家庭が増え続けた。",

> 			NULL, "Consequently, the number of people moving out their parents' homes to cities to start their own families has increased.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Consequently, the number of people moving out their parents' homes and into cities to start their own families has increased.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>？？？</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>???</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100057", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…やっぱりアルバイト、行けばよかったなぁ。",

> 			NULL, "\"...I should have gone to my part-time job after all, shouldn't have I?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...I should have gone to my part-time job after all, huh?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100073", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あ、そうです。",
			NULL, "\"Ah, that's right.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100074", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "童話とかは作家がその地方に残る民間伝承を取材して、書き上げたものが多くて…」",

> 			NULL, " There are a lot of books where the author gathers up local fairy tales and writes them down...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " There are a lot of books where an author gathers up local fairy tales and records them...\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100396", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「それじゃ、その方が戻ってくるまでの、時間つぶしということでいかがです？",

> 			NULL, "\"Well then, what would you say to killing time until she comes back?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Well then, what would you say to killing some time until she comes back?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//rいらないことをあれこれ考えてしまうものだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "いらないことをあれこれ考えてしまうものだ。",

> 			NULL, "I couldn't help but wonder trivial thoughts such as that.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I couldn't help but wonder trivial thoughts like that.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#797d8a>赤坂</color>", NULL, "<color=#797d8a>Akasaka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000545", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「その、おばーちゃんの神様には、終末思想というものがあるんですよ」",

> 			NULL, "\"That god of your grandmother's contains an element of eschatology... the end of times.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"That god of your grandmother's is tied to a story of eschatology... the end of times.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100090", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「しゅ、終末思想…？」",
			NULL, "\"E-eschatology...?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r終末思想とは、世界のどの文化や宗教にも見られるものだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "終末思想とは、世界のどの文化や宗教にも見られるものだ。",
			NULL, "Eschatology is found in many religions and cultures across the world.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r社会が政治的、経済的に不安定で、人々が困窮に苦しむような時代に、その困窮の原因や帰趨を、神や絶対者の審判や未来での救済に求めようとする思想のことを言う。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "社会が政治的、経済的に不安定で、人々が困窮に苦しむような時代に、その困窮の原因や帰趨を、神や絶対者の審判や未来での救済に求めようとする思想のことを言う。",

> 			NULL, "It is an ideology seen in times of political and economic instability, where people seek to find the cause and trends of that distress in either divine judgment or salvation in the future.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It's an ideology seen in times of political and economic instability, where people seek to find the cause and identify the trends of that distress in either divine judgment or salvation in the future.", Line_Normal);
```

//rただ首を吊ったり、電車に飛び込むのであれば、少なくとも自分だけの命で済む。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ただ首を吊ったり、電車に飛び込むのであれば、少なくとも自分だけの命で済む。",

> 			NULL, "If someone wanted to take their own life, they could easily just hang themself or jump in front of a train.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "If someone wanted to take their own life, one could easily just hang oneself or jump in front of a train.", Line_Normal);
```

//r美術の画材の木製パネルがテーブルの上に立っていて、…顔を上げると、夏美さんの制服についた校章と同じものをつけた学生服の男子が私たちを睨んでいた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "美術の画材の木製パネルがテーブルの上に立っていて、…顔を上げると、夏美さんの制服についた校章と同じものをつけた学生服の男子が私たちを睨んでいた。",

> 			NULL, "A wooden canvas used in art crashed into the table... and as I raised my head, I saw a boy staring down at us, wearing a school uniform bearing the same crest as Natsumi-san's school.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "A wooden art canvas crashed into the table... and as I raised my head, I saw a boy staring down at us, wearing a school uniform bearing the same crest as Natsumi-san's school.", Line_Normal);
```

//r…大石さんの焦る気持ちは、理解できる。偶然とはいえ、有力な手がかりをつかめそうな相手が見つかったのだ。是非にも、という気持ちで迫ってしまうのは仕方がない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…大石さんの焦る気持ちは、理解できる。偶然とはいえ、有力な手がかりをつかめそうな相手が見つかったのだ。是非にも、という気持ちで迫ってしまうのは仕方がない。",

> 			NULL, "...I could understand Ooishi-san's impatience. By chance, we encountered someone who could give us a powerful clue. It seemed like we were right on the edge of something, so we wanted answers, and we wanted them now.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...I could understand Ooishi-san's impatience. By chance, we encountered someone who could give us a powerful clue. It seemed like we were right on the edge of something, so he wanted answers, and he wanted them now.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#797d8a>赤坂</color>", NULL, "<color=#797d8a>Akasaka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000564", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「それじゃ、気分を入れ替えてとりあえず、ご家族の評判だけでも聞いておきましょうか？」",

> 			NULL, "\"Well then, why don't we go investigate the family's reputation for a change in mood?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Well then, why don't we go investigate the family's reputation for a change of pace?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100427", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…次は、ここかもしれませんね……」",

> 			NULL, "\"...We might find one here next, too...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...We might find one here, too...\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s08/38/320400116", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…あんたが誰よりも可愛がって大事にしたいと思っている子だから、",

> 			NULL, "\"...She's the one you pepper with love and want to value more than anyone else,", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...She's the one you dote on and want to value more than anyone else,", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s08/38/320400117", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…こういう言い方のほうが好かれるよって、あんたへのフォローのつもりだったんだよ？」",

> 			NULL, " ...so I was trying to help you get in her good graces by telling you to talk that way so she'd like you more.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...so I was trying to back you up, by telling you to talk that way so she'd like you more.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r…ああ、そうだ。もう、ごまかしはやめて、…正直に言おう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…ああ、そうだ。もう、ごまかしはやめて、…正直に言おう。",
			NULL, "...Yeah, she's right. It's time to stop the deception... and be honest.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r私も心の底では、夏美に対して小火のような不満がずっと、……くすぶっていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私も心の底では、夏美に対して小火のような不満がずっと、……くすぶっていた。",

> 			NULL, "There was a small flame of displeasure against Natsumi in the bottom of my heart... that had been smoldering for a while.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "There was a small flame of resentment against Natsumi in the bottom of my heart... that had been smoldering for a while.", Line_Normal);
```

//r夏美には、本当のことを話してもらいたいんだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "夏美には、本当のことを話してもらいたいんだ。",
			NULL, "That's exactly why I wanted Natsumi to tell me the truth.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r…夏美が雛見沢の近隣出身じゃないかいうことは、守先輩から教えてもらった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…夏美が雛見沢の近隣出身じゃないかいうことは、守先輩から教えてもらった。",
			NULL, "...Mamoru-senpai told me that Natsumi was from the town next to Hinamizawa.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそしてあの子が最近元気がなく、一人で思い悩む機会が増えたことも、その推測が正しいことを裏付けた証拠だと思っている。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そしてあの子が最近元気がなく、一人で思い悩む機会が増えたことも、その推測が正しいことを裏付けた証拠だと思っている。",

> 			NULL, "And the fact she's been so tired recently and worrying a lot more about things on her own than she used to is evidence to support that theory.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And the fact that she's been so tired recently, and worrying a lot more about things on her own than she used to, is evidence to support that theory.", Line_Normal);
```

//rでも、それは私たちに対する最大の裏切りだと、なんで気付いてくれない？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "でも、それは私たちに対する最大の裏切りだと、なんで気付いてくれない？",
			NULL, "But why doesn't she realize that's the most painful betrayal towards us?", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r信頼しあって、心を通じ合って、…打算なんて考えない関係だからこそ、私たちは友達じゃなかったのか？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "信頼しあって、心を通じ合って、…打算なんて考えない関係だからこそ、私たちは友達じゃなかったのか？",

> 			NULL, "Weren't we friends... because we trusted each other, had a deep understanding, and weren't trying to use each other for our own benefits?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Weren't we friends... because we trusted each other, had a deep understanding, and weren't trying to use each other for our own benefit?", Line_Normal);
```

//r…特に狙って、そこに居合わせたわけじゃなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…特に狙って、そこに居合わせたわけじゃなかった。",

> 			NULL, "...It's not like I'd come here to eavesdrop.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...It's not like I came here to eavesdrop.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100139", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…やっぱり、気持ち悪いって、…思った？」",

> 			NULL, "\"...You really did thik it was creepy... didn't you?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...You really did think it was creepy... didn't you?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r…それが、懸命にかける言葉を選んで迷っている時の暁の癖なんだと、長い付き合いの私にはわかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…それが、懸命にかける言葉を選んで迷っている時の暁の癖なんだと、長い付き合いの私にはわかった。",
			NULL, "...But thanks to my long history with Akira, I recognized his habit of taking a long time to choose his words when trying to say something important.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS08/36/320100140.「そうだよね。kvS08/36/320100141.…気持ち悪いよね、あんなの…」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100140", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そうだよね。",

> 			NULL, "\"It's only natural.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"It's true, isn't it?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, " It's all ridiculous!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100148", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　なんで雛見沢の出身だからって、そんな変な人ばかりがっ！」",

> 			NULL, " Why are all people from Hinamizawa such weirdos?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Why are all the people from Hinamizawa such weirdos?!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r完全に出る機会を失った私が、取り残された…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "完全に出る機会を失った私が、取り残された…。",

> 			NULL, "I was standing all alone myself, having completely lost the opportunity to reveal myself...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I was standing all alone, having completely lost the opportunity to reveal myself...", Line_Normal);
```
